well I first heard about the idea for
the Verone Guard Academy from Random
House who came up with the concept to
begin with I love these sorts of puzzles
and games myself so it just seemed like
a really cool thing to do to help get
the news out about brisingr and get
everyone excited about it I had a couple
of some contact with the game developers
early in the process and I got to
provide a lot of information about names
and people and places and events and
timelines so that was nice to be
included and I think they've been very
faithful to the world and I certainly
hope that people have been enjoying the
game because it's I think it's a nice
introduction to the land and we'll help
you know convey some interesting new
information to of people who already
fans of the series the Rowan guard
academy of course the events of the game
take place prior to the events of the
cycle inheritance cycle and in the years
leading up to the fall of the Dragon
Riders and one of the disadvantages
actually of the books that I write is
that in order to keep the pace the
pacing and just interesting of the story
there is there's a vast amount of
information that I've been unable to
work into the stories back history
timelines interesting tidbits about the
various races in fact in brisingr alone
there was a very interesting story side
story that I had to cut just so the
story wouldn't get bogged down as a
whole but there are all sorts of things
that I would love to see people to be
able to explore one day or you know put
to use in a larger game or some other
expanded version of the world of
allegation and I know there are a lot of
authors and especially fantasy authors
nowadays who are really enjoying the
opportunities that technology is
provided to do this and it's something
that I'm hoping to remain involved in in
the future as far as my plans after the
series they're concerned I have a whole
bunch of stories lined up and my plan is
to take a take a bit of a break after
the series is done and then plow through
I this is my goal is I want to try as a
for myself to see if i can write three
to four short to medium length stories
novellas / books back to back in a
couple of months I don't know if I can
do it but I really want to try